Add Opportunistic TLS implementation (#302)
reactphp/socket: README.md

you can use this method to find out which interface was actually
used for this connection.

### OpportunisticTlsConnectionInterface

The `OpportunisticTlsConnectionInterface` extends the [`ConnectionInterface`](#connectioninterface) and adds the ability of 

> enabling the TLS encryption on the connection when desired.

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe it's worth to adjust the length of each line to the already used format in this README, this way we keep it consistent

Author: Will play around with it a bit more to make it work.

#### enableEncryption

When negotiated with the server when to start encrypting traffic using TLS you enable it by calling 
`enableEncryption()` which returns a promise that resolve with a `OpportunisticTlsConnectionInterface` connection but now all 

> traffic back and forth will be encrypted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When negotiated with the server when to start encrypting traffic using TLS, you can enable it by calling `enableEncryption()`. This will either return a promise that resolves with a `OpportunisticTlsConnectionInterface` connection or throw a `RuntimeException` if the encryption failed. If successful, all traffic back and forth will be encrypted.
```

Felt like a very long sentence and I also added information on what happens if the encryption fails.

    $connection->write('let\'s encrypt?');

    return React\Promise\Stream\first($connection)->then(function ($data) use ($connection) {
        if ($data === 'yes') {
            return $connection->enableEncryption();
        }
        
        return $stream;
    });
})->then(function (React\Socket\ConnectionInterface $connection) {
    $connection->write('Hello!');
});
```

The `enableEncryption` function resolves with itself. As such you can't see the data encrypted when you hook into the 
events before enabling, as shown below:

```php
$connector = new React\Socket\Connector();
$connector->connect('opportunistic+tls://example.com:5432/')->then(function (React\Socket\OpportunisticTlsConnectionInterface $startTlsConnection) {   
    $connection->on('data', function ($data) {
        echo 'Raw: ', $data, PHP_EOL;
    });
    
    return $connection->enableEncryption();
})->then(function (React\Socket\ConnectionInterface $connection) {
    $connection->on('data', function ($data) {
        echo 'TLS: ', $data, PHP_EOL;
    });
});
```

> When the other side send `Hello World!` over the encrypted connection, the output will be the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the other side sends `Hello World!` over the encrypted connection, the output will be the following:
```

This value SHOULD NOT be given unless you're sure you want to explicitly use a
given event loop instance.

Opportunistic TLS is supported by the secure server by passing true in as 4th constructor 
parameter. This, when a client connects, emits a 
[`OpportunisticTlsConnectionInterface`](#opportunistictlsconnectioninterface) instead 
of the default [`ConnectionInterface`](#connectioninterface) and won't be TLS encrypted 
from the start so you can enable the TLS encryption on the connection after negotiating 

> with the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SecureServer` class supports opportunistic TLS  by passing true in as a 4th constructor parameter. This, when a client connects, emits a [`OpportunisticTlsConnectionInterface`](#opportunistictlsconnectioninterface) instead of the default [`ConnectionInterface`](#connectioninterface). It won't be TLS encrypted from the start, but you can enable the TLS encryption on the connection after negotiating with the client.
```

));
```

> Opportunistic TLS is supported by the secure connector by using `opportunistic-tls://` as scheme instead of `tls://`. This, when 
> connected, returns a [`OpportunisticTlsConnectionInterface`](#opportunistictlsconnectioninterface) instead of the default 
> [`ConnectionInterface`](#connectioninterface) and won't be TLS encrypted from the start so you can enable the TLS 
> encryption on the connection after negotiating with the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SecureConnector` class supports opportunistic TLS  by using `opportunistic-tls://` as scheme instead of `tls://`. This, when connected, returns a [`OpportunisticTlsConnectionInterface`](#opportunistictlsconnectioninterface) instead of the default [`ConnectionInterface`](#connectioninterface). It won't be TLS encrypted from the start, but you can enable the TLS encryption on the connection after negotiating with the server.
```
